Imagine that Alice now has an encryption function (RSA, to be described in the next section), and
that her choice of N is part of it. Nobody can decrypt a message encrypted with her algorithm,
because the message has gone through a 1-way function. So how can Alice decrypt the message?
Alice must have a way of reversing the 1-way function.

Fortunately for Alice, the 1-way function is reversible if somebody knew the values of p and q, the
two prime numbers that are multiplied together to obtain N. Although Alice has told the world that
her value for N is 175,828,273, she has not revealed her values for p and q, so only she has the
special information required to decrypt her own messages. After all, N was created from p and q.

We can think of N as the public-key, the information that is available to everybody, the information
required to encrypt messages to Alice. Whereas p and q are the private-key, available only to Alice,
the information required to decrypt these messages. The exact details of how p and q can be used to
reverse the 1-way function are in the next section. However, there is one question which must be
addressed immediately. If everybody knows N, the public-key, then why can't people deduce p and
q, the private-key and read Alice's messages? In fact, it is virtually impossible to deduce p and q
from N, if N is large, and this is perhaps the most beautiful aspect of the RSA asymmetric cipher.

Alice created N by choosing p and q, and then multiplying them together. The fundamental point is
that this is in itself a 1-way function. To demonstrate the 1-way nature of multiplying primes, we can
take two prime numbers, such as 9,419 and 1,933, and multiply them - with a calculator it takes just
a few seconds to get the answer 18,206,927. However, if, instead, we were given 18,206,927 and
asked to find the prime factors (the two numbers that multiply together give 18,206,927) it would
take us quite a while. If you doubt the difficulty of finding prime factors, then you might like to try
the following; it took me just ten seconds with a calculator to generate the number 1,709,023, but it
will take you the best part of an afternoon to work out the prime factors.
